== User Stories

== Setup
Our Wifi has been on the fritz for years. About once a week it would crash for a few hours, and it never did quite reach some rooms upstairs. We called Breeze, and now it’s been months since our wifi has gone down. And it reaches all the rooms in the house now. 

Our printer sucks. It always has. And the “Print from iPhone” thing never worked. We called Breeze, they were here less than an hour, and now everything works perfectly. We’re really pleased with their service. 

I had heard a lot about smart homes on the internet, but never had time to figure out what to buy or set it up. Breeze came by for a free consultation. I told them what i wanted, and they even made some suggestions for things i didn't even know was possible. They set everything up and now our house works better than I ever imagined it could. Our power bill has gone down as well!

Mail! Email always sucks 

== Lessons
I’ve had my iPhone for a long time now, but only ever used it for phone calls. I booked an hour lesson with Breeze, and was blown away just how easy it was to use all the features on my iPhone. iCloud and Siri used to scare me, but now I love using them. 

I had my iPhone and macbook for years, and I never knew how well that could work together. I had never got around to making an apple account, because I thought it would be confusing and take time to set up. The guys from Breeze showed me how easy it was to make use of all the features I didn’t even know existed! 

I take a lot of photos, but I’ve never been great at editing them. I booked an hour photoshop lesson with Breeze, and now I’ve never felt more comfortable with my computer. Thanks Breeze!

I take tons of pictures with my iPhone, but never knew how to move them to my computer. I figured it was probably difficult, and never found time to learn. The guys from Breeze were over fixing another problem, and so I decided to ask them for help. It took him 10 seconds to show me how, and now I can finally get our Mexico Photos developed.

I’ve seen all the cool things people make with their computers, but assumed the software was expensive and hard to use. Breeze showed me that a lot of it actually came with my Mac, and is incredibly simple to use. They showed my how to make videos with iMovie, and now me and my daughter have fun making youtube videos and sharing them with our friends. 

== Repair
My computer had been running slow forever. I thought I needed to buy a new one, but before I did decided to call Breeze. They recommended a $200 upgrade. I left my computer with them for 2 days and now it’s running EVEN BETTER than new! thanks to them I saved almost $800!

We had all of our family photos on a hard drive, and then one day it just stopped working. We thought all our photos were gone forever. In a list ditch effort we brought the hard drive to Breeze for recovery. Breeze was able to recover ALL of our photos, and set up an easy to use backup so the problem would never happen again. 

Our computer had a ton of viruses. I called Breeze and they were able to make it run like new again. In fact, i think it runs even faster than new. 
